W-14416426 - RPA Manager release notes 2023-11/1. (#295)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-manager-release-notes.adoc

RPA Manager is the cloud-based control plane for your automation projects.

> [[november-02-2023]]
> == November 02, 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[november-3-2023]]
== November 3, 2023
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Is the "What's New" section missing? As you have fixed issues, you may say in such a section something like "This new version fixes issues and updates dependencies", or something similar.

// == Fixed Issues
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=fixedIssues,leveloffset=+2]

[%header,cols="6a,1a"]
|===
|Issue Resolution |ID

> | Now global variables and credentials in the credentials pool do not have a limitation. | W-14321062

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Global variables and credentials in the credentials pool no longer have a limitation. | W-14321062
```

> | Processes now execute without interruption on RPA Bots. Under certain circumstances processes stopped executing. | W-14329929

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Processes no longer stop executing on RPA Bots. | W-14329929
```

|===

// == Known Issues
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=knownIssues,leveloffset=+2]

[%header,cols="3a,3a,1a"]
|===
|Known Issue |Workaround | ID

> | Editing a process while you copy it causes RPA Builder to fail to import the copied process. | Before making any changes to the original process, import the copy in RPA Builder and then upload the copy to RPA Manager. After uploading the copy to RPA Manager, you can modify the original process and the copy without experiencing any issues. | W-12472442 / W-11954705

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Editing a process while you copy it causes RPA Builder to fail to import the copied process. | Before making any changes to the original process, import the copy in RPA Builder and then upload the copy to RPA Manager. After uploading the copy to RPA Manager, you can modify the original process and its copy without experiencing any issues. | W-12472442 / W-11954705
```
